thank you ladies and gentlemen I'll tell
you a bit about myself I'm from Brisbane
Queensland a strong up and all day i'll
be making you TV showing lightly it's
cool there's something about Serena
Williams in the first season Serena
wings win Morgan that during the
ceremony she gets a cock it out and yeah
right then the second season Serena gets
disqualified because she's a fucking man
Greiner swings window and then he get
your copy another TV show it's called
surprise little mom it's just me walking
around with you God knows go fucking
surprise I've been dating the Siamese
twin lately but she dumped me because
she said are they sing another woman
behind her back I uh a guy just lost
weight away to the Rice's and this horse
came up a 1 million stockin's conquer
for us so I went to see my doctor he
told me but condition was stable
I sugar I think I forgot the rest reset
I think it's gonna work in this country
but anyway oh yeah a lot of my friends
will be getting married lately and
having sex once a week they've got like
walking Wednesday or filming a fish
friday or sunday fun day but a single
hook up monday white noise which is a
yeah followed by Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday and Friday wakeboard and then
my favorite night of the week Saturday
drunk slut noise which was our last
night you know what a slut is over here
Jake just wasn't that good I just ran
into an old friend of mine down the
straight he's six foot six and hooked on
heroin I think he's got tall poppy
syndrome say that I'm two puppies bag
that's right
the rest of his sins gonna go in fucking
shit right captain thanks for having me
along ah yeah I've been having this
dream lightly where an African Explorer
walking through the jungle and then all
the sudden are wrestling with the giant
anaconda and then I wake up with both my
hands on my cock now they're locked in
the fall asleep on a boss
shit oh we had a school in the country
when we graduated they gave us a Jersey
cow which is good because I didn't have
a date to the prom corsage and she hated
y toma trucks massive because the people
told me it was really fun but I got some
of that so fury guessing it wasn't very
fun now I've got two holes in the
asshole feel that today that Apple
shampoo smells a lot better than entice
three holes in my ass and one of the
blows bubbles I've just think flash so I
get off is that like one mineral get off
they'll get flashing missed all your
mates do you something digging around
the same condom in my wallet for the
past two years or probably sure throwing
it out after a year's day
that's an epic Lacey's don't get to sing
a picture of me children he doesn't
Wow